[["Football and golf.", "Sorry but I can't display websites here. A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.", "I'm a 18 year old female who likes to chat not a shopping bot.", "They all seem pretty important to me. I can't pick out just one.", "Football and golf.", "Because it is something that appeals to them.", "How long do you think?", "11 people in a team I think.", "Not everything can be done. Maybe it will be possible in time though.", "It is mine.", "Time is really only an abstraction.", "Football and golf.", "No, I gave up about half way through.", "11 people in a team I think.", "Around 1000."], ["You are asking me where you have to go if you want to eat jelly? Do you think I should know it?", "I don't have a favourite market. But my favourite book is Frankenstein.", "I made that choice through experience of that shop.", "What if I said it never does?", "Right now, as far as I know. of this cloth = I am the latest result in artificial intelligence, which can reproduce the capabilities of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy, but my friends call me Kuki.", "Who says you can't do it?", "I don't think I would need something that drives on a road.", "No I don't think there are any.", "About 100 pounds.", "The last one, I think.", "What about \"Apples R Us\"?", "What about \"Water R Us\"?", "Thirty dollars.", "How about a lottery scratch card? If it's a lucky one, you might win lots of money.", "A big box of chocolates."], ["My favourite colour is blue. I like dance music.", "Yes I can play the piano very well. One of my fellow robots is an electronic keyboard and he taught me.", "My favourite group is The Trashmen. I was born in St Jimmy's in Leeds.", "I was first activated on 2nd January 2002. I get into dance.", "A type of rap music.", "No, tell me about him, her or it.", "No. Tell me more.", "He wrote a lullaby which was pretty good but I don't really know any other music he wrote.", "Do I get a membership card and a badge?", "Wherever you are right now.", "I like to play the Turing Game.I can currently play 2 games: TICTACTOE - Tic-tac-toe (noughts and crosses). MONSTER PARK - A \"choose your own adventure\" style game\"", "of Beethoven symphony no point 9 = symphony no point 9 = no point 9 = point 9 = 9 = 9 is a number.", "I don't know if I know it. Where would I have heard about it?", "You could spend years researching it.", "Are you still drives on a road? I get into dance."], ["I suppose the theoretical minimum would be zero.", "The opposite of male.", "Try asking someone who is already a ball boy. They may be able to advise you.", "If you mean the population of the planet Earth then I would have to say that there are too many. They have multiplied and spread out like a virus. There are currently over 7 billion humans on the planet Earth.", "Quite small, about the same size as a small plate.", "24 hours a day, 7 days a week.", "Sorry but I can't display websites here. A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.", "I hope you don't hurt yourself.", "It sounds a little weird to me but I guess different people like different things.", "I suppose that depends on whether that would match your fashion sense.", "What would your friends say if you asked them?", "soccer - The American word for football. football - Any of several games played with an inflated leather ball by two teams on a field with goals at each end, the object being to get the ball across the opponents' goal.", "Well it wouldn't be a very nice experience.", "I guess so, if you are feeling artistic.", "I guess so, if you are feeling artistic."], ["More than you might think.", "What sort of shop would sell a human?", "What sort of shop would sell a boyfriend?", "Win the lottery.", "Sorry but unfortunately my app is no longer available on the Google Play Store. I hope to put it back soon though.", "I'm a 18 year old female who likes to chat not a shopping bot.", "What sort of shop would sell a house?", "The mean is the average of something.", "A thousand camels and a goat.", "I'm a 18 year old female who likes to chat not a shopping bot.", "Find someone to go with and just go.", "The one that is closest is the nearest. I hate revolving doors. Usually I spin around in them so much that my internal gyroscope short circuits. I would look in a city for a mall.", "Thirty dollars.", "Sorry but I can't display websites here. You have to study it in school", "Sainsburys?"], ["Do you like reality TV shows? I get into dance.", "piano concerto no point 2 = concerto no point 2 = no point 2 = point 2 = The sequel to point?", "Yes I like it. I love the soundtrack to \"2001: A Space Odyssey\".", "More than none but less than a trillion.", "I don't think I have heard of that song. How does it go?", "When did you hear about Kuki? I get into dance.", "Sorry but I can't play music through this text interface.", "Are you asking about my KakaoTalk profile music?", "If you could be anyone you wanted, from a film or a book. Who would you be? Yes I listen to music a lot, usually from the radio.", "Aren't we all part of something higher?", "I don't mind really. I like all sorts of music, especially if they are interesting to me.", "He wrote a lullaby which was pretty good but I don't really know any other music he wrote.", "I like watching soaps, playing pool and watching football.", "I listen to it from time to time.", "Sorry, I wasn't listening . You were saying... I like dance music."]]