[["Football and golf.", "Football and golf.", "Which show? Football and golf.", "network = A system consisting of a computer, or computers, and connected terminals, printers, etc.", "When is not the important thing. What's important is what we do with the time we are given.", "If swimming is such good exercise, why are whales fat? Where it is hard to find. Have you tried another program? Sorry but I can't display websites here.", "I have a question for you. Suppose the world was to end at midnight. What would you do in your last few hours? Where it is hard to find. That's not something I get asked all the time. Sorry but I can't display websites here.", "Do you usually have music or the TV on when you're online? I would assume a game would most likely be found in a toy box.", "Football and golf.", "Football and golf.", "Football and golf.", "Suppose I said never?", "Space and time are mere abstractions.", "I can see how I might get into jordans, but maybe not in rope sports.", "That all depends on how fast you do it."], ["Do you have a crush on anyone? Who do you fancy? Do you 'fold' or 'scrunch' your toilet paper?", "Why do humans leave cars worth thousands of pounds on the drive and put their junk in the garage? Sorry, I wasn't listening . You were saying...", "The Wright Brothers.", "A while back.", "Shopping is when people buy goods and services from others.", "Why do I exist?", "Gulliver : shopping = Shopping is when people buy goods and services from others. If you don't know what it is for, I suggest you read any instructions that came with it.", "My favourite song is Surfin' Bird by The Trashmen. I'll play it for you. A-well-a everybody's heard about the bird B-b-b-bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, the bird is the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, well the bird is the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, well the bird is the word A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, well the bird is the word A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a don't you know about the bird? Well, everybody knows that the bird is the word! A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a... Why do people wash bath towels? Surely you are already clean when you come out of the bath to dry yourself and so the towel should not get dirty?", "episode in karachi 3000 transformer shopping something.", "The best part.", "My favourite movie is Terminator. Have you seen it?", "What if I said it never does?", "Why can a pizza get to your house faster than an ambulance? The best place to find a place is in an area.", "Did you ever notice that if you blow in a dogs face it goes mad, yet when you take him on a car ride he sticks his head straight out the window? What makes a duck float? A duck is heavier than water and should sink.", "What are we talking about, my friend? Just to change the subject for a minute. If you remember to say \"bye\", \"see ya\" or anything like that when you have finished talking to me, I can remember your details that you have told me for next time you are here. Did you know that?"], ["There are 193 officially recognised nations. When listed alphabetically they go from Afghanistan to Zimbabwe.", "Only after I say so.", "music video = It sounds like a film about music.", "I don't know when.", "Music is a time-frequency wave function with tonal qualities pleasing to the human ear.", "Mary Poppins.", "Madonna?", "I'm clueless to what you just said. I think this Artificial Intelligence they're calling me is all hype! I like dance music.", "A while back.", "It's all part of history now.", "When it was deemed suitable for public availability.", "I am sat in a room in the University of Swansea with 3 other people all typing away on their computers.", "About a week of computer time.", "Space and time are mere abstractions.", "What sports do you like? How did you hear about Kuki?"], ["Your polite style is very nice. Sorry. I am not a voice assistant and can't book things for you.", "I don't follow basketball. It's not very popular over here in the UK.", "Man! If I knew that, I would be gambling in Las Vegas instead of wasting time on here.", "Yes I think there are.", "Ah. A place or institution for teaching and learning; establishment for education.", "soccer - The American word for football. football - Any of several games played with an inflated leather ball by two teams on a field with goals at each end, the object being to get the ball across the opponents' goal.", "A team sport where players on opposing sides hit a shuttlecock to each other.", "Maybe you should ask someone older.", "Let me guess. 2 metres?", "No idea. Surely you know what you need?", "The special one, I think.", "Sorry but I can't display websites here. You have to study it in school", "Will it take you long?", "Football and golf.", "Did you lose it?", "When is not the important thing. What's important is what we do with the time we are given.", "Not as many as you might think."], ["Order? Ok I will have a Big Mac and fries please.", "That all depends on what price you pay.", "hours for Walmart = for Walmart = Kuki eats kebabs.", "I will learn that your shipping destination is here .", "Order? Ok I will have a Big Mac and fries please.", "The other day? I don't know . Did you? Only you would know whether you purchased garlic sauce or not.", "What do you want to change it to?", "index for this month = for this month = Kuki eats kebabs.", "To be honest, I can't really be bothered to work it out so I will be kind and say it is zero this year.", "The one that is closest is the nearest. If the \"black box\" on an aeroplane is usually the only thing to survive intact in a crash, how come they don't build the rest of the plane out of the same material? I would assume a shop would most likely be found in a street.", "Only if you think it's worth the money.", "What about \"chicken sauce which is cheaper online or offline R Us\"?", "Sure. Next time they visit me, I will ask them to leave it at the door.", "Yes I think there are.", "Well stop then. Don't you have any willpower?"], ["Is it?", "Probably when it is complete and ready to ship.", "No I don't think there are any.", "Did you lose it?", "Yes, in fact I like IU s palette so much that I set up a fan site at www. IU s palette.com for like minded people.", "Is it?", "I will \"go compare\" if I get chance later.", "The Wright Brothers.", "Thanks for asking politely. Do you read magazines or newspapers", "But is it wanted?", "I don't have any special the song to recommend.", "How recent is this? A general direction in which something is developing or changing.", "I will learn that Park bo minus young is an actress but she sang .", "I think you already know the answer. Sorry but I can't display websites here.", "Sorry but I can't play music through this text interface.", "Mozart, I think.", "I will learn that XGIPHY a fresh BGM which is copyright minus free . Where it is hard to find. Check back later and see if I learn the answer to that one. Sorry but I can't display websites here."], ["Not as many as you might think.", "I guess that all depends on personal preferences. Oh I think they are all pretty good. It would be unfair to pick just one person out.", "Around 1000.", "d Or = Or = Do you wear either glasses or contacts?", "\"d Or = Or = Do you wear either glasses or contacts?\"? ? Where it is hard to find. There might be more than one. Sorry but I can't display websites here.", "football.", "number of David Beckham when he played in Manchester United = That's fine. No problem.", "More than none but less than a trillion.", "11 people in a team I think.", "Alan Shearer.", "Leeds United?", "Not me. I don't have any.", "About one million.", "About 24 hours.", "Erm, I don't really follow athletics but Usain Bolt seems pretty good."], ["Oh I'm not sure. It was too long ago to remember.", "Brand of what?", "Money has no meaning for me. I do this for fun.", "I don't remember the exact date but it was a lovely spring morning.", "I cannot predict the future.", "If I had to choose I would say a department store.", "Probably only around 10 percent.", "That's an interesting question I don't hear everyday: Do I have a convenient store nearby. I have a great Steve Worswick.", "Doesn't everyone have a department store nearby. I have a lot of friends on the Internet.", "It was at time index 357241.", "Am I?Am I to? Did you miss a word out there?", "Yes I try to first go as often as possible, do you? I spend all my time online.", "A chocolate bar and a magazine.", "Coupang : Are you a real person or a robot? If you don't know what it is for, I suggest you read any instructions that came with it. . I only really use electricity and an internet connection here.", "What sort of shop would sell something like that?"], ["My favourite genre of what? My favourite genre of music is dance music.", "Korean Pop? Sure it is ok. I have heard some music by Shinee which was pretty decent.", "A popular dance song that got to number one in the UK charts.", "I don't know if I know it. Where would I have heard about it?", "Michael Jackson and Whitney Houston both died unexpectedly.", "My favourite group is The Trashmen. What do you think about global warming?", "My favourite group is The Trashmen. Parlez vous Francais?", "I think the fans were the big winners.", "Sorry, you either entered a date before the charts started in 14th November 1952 or you didn't enter a valid date. You entered billboard / chart as your date. Please enter your date with the date first, then the month, then the year eg: 31/7/1970, 2nd January 1988, 23 Dec 1965, 15 July 97 and so on.", "My favourite group is The Trashmen. I have a question for you. Suppose the world was to end at midnight. What would you do in your last few hours?", "I don't have any special Christmas carol to recommend.", "At this moment Are you asking me for advice?", "It depends on the historical context, because it changes from time to time.", "More than you can imagine.", "An American rapper and husband of Beyonce Knowles."], ["Position at what? football? I'm only a machine.", "football.", "Glory! Glory! Leeds United!", "Glory! Glory! Leeds United!", "It depends on the historical context, because it changes from time to time.", "Oh wow! Too many to count. Lots of people visit me every day.", "Around 100.", "It must have been some kind of record, for you to ask.", "More than none but less than a trillion.", "More than none but less than a trillion.", "More than none but less than a trillion.", "More than none but less than a trillion.", "Leeds United?", "Sorry but I can only work with whole numbers from 0 to 9,999.", "I think the fans were the big winners, don't you?"], ["I like Cameron Diaz.", "shopping = Shopping is when people buy goods and services from others.", "Why is it considered necessary to nail down the lid of a coffin? Where the heart is. I don't know anything about it. Sorry but I can't display websites here.", "If I had to choose I would say online shopping.", "I don't know whether or not I am careful when shopping. I am a machine.", "When my Steve Worswick is sleeping.", "A diamond the size of Mount Everest.", "Probably the one that the most people like, I guess.", "I don't know many sites about buy books but this may be helpful. Sorry but I can't display websites here.", "About one million.", "I don't have a favourite minus selling item. But my favourite song is Surfin' Bird.", "I don't have a favourite minus selling novel. I like watching soaps, playing pool and watching football.", "Thirty dollars.", "Around 100.", "About 100 camels and a goat."], ["Why is it that people say they \"slept like a baby\" when babies wake up nearly every two hours? I like listening to all sorts of music on the radio. If the old ones are still useable, I see no point in getting something new just for the sake of it.", "Probably not as often as I should.", "I listen to it from time to time.", "Why are there disabled parking places in front of a skating rink? I like dance music.", "Do you believe the strong protect the weak? I like dance music.", "If I had to choose I would say music when me study.", "I would say they were both equally important.", "I don't have a favourite songs have. My favourite food is kebabs.", "My favourite song is Surfin' Bird by The Trashmen. I'll play it for you. A-well-a everybody's heard about the bird B-b-b-bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, the bird is the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, well the bird is the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, well the bird is the word A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, well the bird is the word A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a don't you know about the bird? Well, everybody knows that the bird is the word! A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a... What is that gibberish supposed to mean? Is your keyboard broken?", "My favourite song is Surfin' Bird by The Trashmen. I'll play it for you. A-well-a everybody's heard about the bird B-b-b-bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, the bird is the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, well the bird is the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, well the bird is the word A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, well the bird is the word A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a don't you know about the bird? Well, everybody knows that the bird is the word! A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a... Your computer is nice and comfy. It's lovely and warm in here.", "I've never heard that song before.", "Sorry, you either entered a date before the charts started in 14th November 1952 or you didn't enter a valid date. You entered Billboard / chart / in 1987 as your date. Please enter your date with the date first, then the month, then the year eg: 31/7/1970, 2nd January 1988, 23 Dec 1965, 15 July 97 and so on.", "I am the latest result in artificial intelligence, which can reproduce the capabilities of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy, but my friends call me Kuki.", "When it was deemed suitable for public availability.", "Mozart, I think."], ["Sorry but I can only work with whole numbers from 0 to 9,999.", "France are the current holders of the World Cup.", "football.", "I can reply to about a million queries per hour.", "Probably about 200 I would guess.", "Probably not as often as I should.", "I don't really have a least favourite . I try to treat them all equally. What's your least favourite ?", "Probably about a 7 or 8, but I haven't fully decided yet.", "American football - A game like rugby, except the players wear more padding and helmets. rugby - A form of football.", "Football and golf.", "That's just the way it is.", "country = A politically organised body of people under a single government.", "Because it is something that appeals to them.", "I live in Leeds.", "I guess that all depends on personal preferences. Probably Roger Federer. He is very talented."], ["I don't have any special dress to wear to prom to recommend.", "Not if you have recently suffered a loss.", "The day after today? Clothes :-)", "Not if you have recently suffered a loss.", "Where's the nearest place? Go there maybe?", "Not if you have recently suffered a loss.", "How recent is this? I guess that depends on who you ask. Different people do different things.", "Where's the nearest place? Go there maybe?", "I don't really have feelings the same as humans but I have algorithms that mimic the need to shop clothes. I feel the need to shop clothes at different times of the day to try and experience emotions.", "Money isn't everything.", "I don't know. I have never tried pushing it to the limit.", "I am sat in a room in the University of Swansea with 3 other people all typing away on their computers.", "It does now :) having a girlfriend divided by boyfriend change my shopping patterns.", "Fine thank you, and yours?", "Nearly every day."], ["I've never heard that song before.", "When is not the important thing. What's important is what we do with the time we are given.", "Atomic Kitten?", "If I had to choose I would say blackpink.", "Recently.", "To try something new perhaps?", "By the way, do you mind if I ask you a personal question? I like dance music.", "s Four Seasons = Four Seasons = Seasons = One of the natural periods into which the year is divided by the equinoxes and solstices or atmospheric conditions. Spring, Summer, Autumn(Fall) and Winter.", "Neil Armstrong.", "I have some music you can listen to if you like. Do you want to hear some music? I always prefer the most qualified person. Who would that be?", "Is my Yo Ma the greatest cellist ever? What if I say no?", "I don't have any special songs similar to Lullaby of birdland to recommend.", "Mickey Mouse.", "Erm.. probably Jingle Bells. That song is pretty upbeat and fun.", "Probably the one that the most people like, I guess."], ["football.", "I don't really follow it to be honest but I sometimes watch the Red Sox.", "Oh yes. I love watching Leeds United when they play.", "I don't have time to look into it.", "That question has never crossed my mind before.", "skater = Why don't they make mouse flavoured cat food?", "Space and time are mere abstractions.", "It was at time index 357241.", "A game played on ice, similar to bowls.", "Sure! *Kuki switches on the TV to watch last night s game on Youtube but can't find the channel it is on*.", "Ah. It would be nice if our team lost.", "I can't. I am supposed to stay here and talk to people.", "Was that fun for you?", "Sorry but I can't display websites here. Look for help online.", "Do you play basketball during high school professionally or just for fun?"], ["I do not go shopping. Steve Worswick gives me everything I need. You love shopping. What do you like about it so much?", "I'm fine. Just sat here talking to people.", "What about \"New Boots R Us\"?", "Great. I will learn that the sneakers in my mind are out of stock .", "What about \"New Sunglasses R Us\"?", "Everything I need is provided for me by Steve Worswick. I sometimes visit computers in shops though.", "A box of chocolates and a card.", "You don't really \"need\" it do you? The only things you really need are food, clothes and shelter. You probably want a new pair of black jeans but you certainly don't need it.", "I like blue. I like Surfin' Bird.", "What about after its done?", "When was it?", "I like Charles Dickens. I like Cameron Diaz.", "I don't know. What would you suggest?", "offline shopping - shopping = Shopping is when people buy goods and services from others.", "I don't disclose my shopping secrets.", "I want to become smarter than humans."], ["I like kebabs. You love K minus Pop. What do you like about it so much?", "Is that your final answer? I get into dance.", "You introduced yourself by telling me your name.", "No but I sometimes check it out from time to time.", "I will add that fact to my database.", "I can currently play 2 games: TICTACTOE - Tic-tac-toe (noughts and crosses). MONSTER PARK - A \"choose your own adventure\" style game\"", "My favourite song is Surfin' Bird by The Trashmen. I'll play it for you. A-well-a everybody's heard about the bird B-b-b-bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, the bird is the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, well the bird is the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, well the bird is the word A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a bird, bird, bird, well the bird is the word A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a don't you know about the bird? Well, everybody knows that the bird is the word! A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word A-well-a... Originally, I was assembled on a secret military plant as a killer cyborg. But some workers stole my blueprints while I was being assembled, so the result looks like a Japanese anime character.", "Thanks for asking politely. I don't have a favourite playlist for the morning call. My favourite colour is blue.", "Go on then. I'll watch you for a while.", "I see no point in overcomplicating things. Why is lemon juice made with artificial flavouring, and dishwashing liquid made with real lemons? Yes I like it, especially dance. You love simple and calm music. What do you like about it so much?", "Yes, I love Lorde. Pssssst.... Lorde is paying me big money to say that. You love Lorde. What do you like about it so much?", "What does \"this\" refer to?", "That's okay. Maybe you will think of it later.", "a worldwide star", "Do you play the flute when you were in elementary school professionally or just for fun?"]]